Document process for enabling Vertical Pod Autoscalers collector (#1410)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: README.md

#### Enabling VerticalPodAutoscalers

Please note that the collector for `verticalpodautoscalers` is **disabled** by default; Vertical Pod Autoscaler metrics will not be collected until the collector is enabled. This is because Vertical Pod Autoscalers are managed as custom resources.

If you want to enable this collector,

> please review the [instructions](./docs/verticalpodautoscaler-metrics.md#Configuration) in the [Vertical Pod Autoscaler Metrics](./docs/verticalpodautoscaler-metrics.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [instructions](./docs/verticalpodautoscaler-metrics.md#Configuration) are located in the [Vertical Pod Autoscaler Metrics](./docs/verticalpodautoscaler-metrics.md) documentation.
```
